Compat documents for .NET 4.8 for Workflow runtime and designer. (#966)
Microsoft/dotnet: Documentation/compatibility/workflow-xaml-checksums-for-symbols-changed-from-sha1-to-sha256.md

## Workflow XAML checksums for symbols changed from SHA1 to SHA256

### Scope
Minor

### Version Introduced
4.8

### Source Analyzer Status
NotPlanned

### Change Description
To support debugging with Visual Studio, 

> the Workflow runtime generates a checksum for a workflow XAML file using a hashing algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Workflow runtime uses a hashing algorithm to generate a checksum for a workflow XAML file.
```

In the .NET Framework 4.6.2 and earlier versions, workflow checksum hashing used the MD5 
algorithm, which caused issues on FIPS-enabled systems. Starting with the .NET Framework 4.7, 
the default algorithm was changed to SHA1. Starting with the .NET Framework 4.8, the default
algorithm was changed to SHA256.

- [x] Quirked 
- [ ] Build-time break 

### Recommended Action
If your code is unable to load workflow instances or to find appropriate symbols
due to a checksum failure, try setting 
the `AppContext` switch "Switch.System.Activities.UseSHA1HashForDebuggerSymbols" to true.

In code:
```csharp
System.AppContext.SetSwitch("Switch.System.Activities.UseSHA1HashForDebuggerSymbols", true);
```

> Or in configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or in the configuration file:
```
